in this video tutorial I'm going to show
you how to set up your canon pony shoot
camera to work with social photo booth
software the first unit do is turn on
the camera and go under the menu setting
on different powershot cameras the menu
button is located in different places
but it's typically on the back on this
camera it's here in the corner just so
you know there's a canon s3 power shot
on the s-series and the g series are
probably the most popular the first
thing you want to do is go over to the
tool section right here and go to this
power savings mode down here use the
four-way rocker switch to go down here
and what you need to do is turn off the
automatic power down feature okay if you
don't turn this off then your camera
will turn off after about five minutes
and of inactivity okay so go over to off
here prep the set button okay and when
the camera would disconnect you think of
something wrong with the software but
it's actually just because you don't
have the auto power down turn to the off
mode so you can go back to the menu over
here the next thing you want to do is
make sure cameras in the manual mode
right here a lot of times you can take
some tape or a hot glue gun and stick
this camera dial so it doesn't move by
accident and then you want to hit the
menu button again or I'm sorry you don't
want to hit the menu button you want to
hit the function button here and the
function button will bring up all these
different functions here you want to go
down to the flash icon and make sure the
flash output is set to at least halfway
or full if you have the minimum then
it's just not bright enough so make sure
your flash is set to full then go up
here to the AWB that stands for auto
white balance you want to set the white
balance to flash which is that lightning
bolt symbol okay and the last thing you
want to do is you want to set the
resolution you don't want to do large
that's gonna just make your software run
slower either want to do medium to small
is actually really small it's only 640
by 480 resolution which is about like an
inch and a half by two inches it will
work but I go a step higher to medium
which is about 1600 by 1200 okay so once
you have all those settings done you
want to do some other things with the
camera as well to make it easy to use in
your photo booth something I always do
is take a block of foam and I just
stick it down here so that the flash
won't accidentally go down the other
thing I do is I buy a lens adapter hood
which is like this and a wide-angle lens
and they simply screw together and this
gives you a little wider feel of you if
you have a kiosk or a tower type photo
booth then you don't really need the
wide angle but if you're inside an
enclosure you do
and this just bayonets on there's a
little button here that you press and
you take the wide angle lens on or off
but it really stops get more people in
the picture the other thing you need to
do is you need to buy up an AC power
adapter here this plugs in the side of
your camera make sure you get the
genuine Canon OAM one you don't want to
get the cheap third-party ones that are
on amazon.com they seem like they work
okay but when the flash fires it lowers
the power in the camera and you get
disconnection errors left and right so
the next thing you have to do is you
need to set the exposure on the camera
so you're in manual mode here you're
gonna go ahead and get out of the
function menu but hanging function here
okay and then you need to adjust the
shutter speed I usually put the shutter
speed between 100 and 200 we'll just put
out a hundred right now and the aperture
on these cameras doesn't have to be as
high as a DSLR because they have more
depth of field or in other words
everything's in sharp focus especially
is a fuse a wide-angle lens so f/4 is
fine right there and then you need to
change the ISO so you press the ISO
button here and if you're using an
external flash you can probably set it
to something like 100 or 200 if using
the on-camera flash you might set around
ISO 400 and those are the basics of it
remember the exposures about 1/100
around f4 iso 100 200 400 just change it
so that the picture is nice and bright
and that's the basics of it one last
thing is the hole in the body used
cameras it's not centered on the lens so
if you buy like an L bracket adapter
plate you can have the hole centered and
you can also have a hole on the side if
you want to mount the camera vertically
instead of horizontally hope you found
this video informational and thanks for
watching